---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E4 Progress in Programming Report
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-05-05
labels:
  - Assignment 1
---
<b>My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:</b>

Before taking this class, I only had the very minimal understanding of html. I only knew about how to make text bold and change its font and color or alignment. But now, my skills have improved that I can do expressions, if-else statements, loops, and collections and arrays.

<b>I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:</b>

I need to work on internalizing the coding foundation because I have a hard time remembering the usage of some codes or how they are syntactically written. I usually find myself constantly having to look back at old labs and lectures to remember certain codes.

<b>I can do the WODs without looking at the screencast solutions first.</b>

I have come a long way from the first WOD I had to do. With the most recent WODs, I was able to mostly do them on my own without looking at the screencast solutions first. However, when I completed the WOD, I found myself to DNF.

<b>The labs have helped me to learn and I am able to complete them with confidence.</b>

The labs are certainly helpful and has really helped me in completing the WODs and assignment 1. I can complete the labs with some confidence but there are times were the directions seem to be unclear or I just don't understand how to one of the question/section.

<b>I feel ready I am ready to work on the next stage of complexity in programming (building small web applications like Assignment 1).</b>

Although I managed to get assignment 1 to work after many excruciating hours trying to make it work, I don't feel completely ready to work on the next stage of complexity. What I learn was already alot and took a long time to understand and the idea of learn even more complicated coding worries me.

<b>I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:</b>

Some times the labs have hard to follow instructions so if it could be explained better then it would help my learning. 

<b>These are things that work really well for my learning in this class:</b>

The w3school website that Professor Port told us about really works well for my learning in this class. It has the documentation of codes that explain whats it for, how its syntactically written, and shows examples on how it works. w3school also has templates you can use for your assignment 1 and looking at its html coding helped me understand the design aspect of an website.
