---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E5 Reflecting on Assignment 2 Technical Essay
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-05-11
labels:
  - Assignment 2 Blog
---
<b>Provide a brief introduction to the assignment along with a link to this page for further details</b>

This assignment expands upon assignment 1. It requires you to create a login and register page along with having your querystring be posted to the server.
<a href="https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/150.Assignment2/experience-Assignment2_retrospective.html">Link to E5</a>

<b>What did you learn from this assignment?</b>

I learned quite a few things from this assignment. I learned how to create and process a login and registration page. I also learned how to post things from the server, things like request and response. I learned the importance of validating through server side.

<b>Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).</b>

I did not have a partner to work with.

<b>How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?</b>

Professor Port is always available for help. He hosted some workshops over the spring break that were useful.

<b>How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?</b>

Developing this assignment was different than assignment 1 in way that this assignment needed more thinking about how and what code is needed to make the pages function. Assignment 2 required alot more thinking and planning then assignment 1 and resulted in it being alot more difficult to complete.

<b>Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging</b>

I think I spent about 30% thinking about how to do something, 20% writing the code, and 50% testing and debugging. Testing and debugging took a significant amount of time for me because there were alot of places where I misplelt variables or miswrote code.

<b>Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?</b>

Attending the workshops for this project really helped. 

<b>If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?</b>

One thing I would do differently is to start a lot earlier. I didn't realize how long it takes to test and debug your code.

<br>
