---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E6 Evaluation Guidelines and Class Retrospective BLOG
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-05-14
labels:
  - Last Blog
---
<b>Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)</b>

My website is a store where you can rent instruments and other musical paraphernalia

<b>Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?</b>

One notable shortcoming is that the session doesn't end after you get the invoice, you would need to logout in order to empty the cart. Another shortcoming is that if you register as a new user, you don't automatically get logged in, you still need to login before getting access to your account. 

<b>Describe what you are most proud of about your system:</b>

I think I am most proud of my logout button. I manage to make it so that it dynamically changes the login into a logout button if the user logs in. I also manage to makeit so that when you press the logout button, it expires the users' cookies and session.

<b>Describe what you are least happy with your system:</b>

The thing I am least happy with my system is that I am unable to destory the session once you confirm your purchase and get sent to the invoice. The user still needs to go back and log out in order to destory the session.

<b>How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?</b>

Developing this assignment, by far, took the most in looking up documentation for cookies and sessions and looking at tutorials and example codes in order to complete it. I think developing this assignment was the most time extensive out of the 3 assignments.

<b>When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?</b>

I did what Professor Port said to do when running into a problem, look at the documentation of what code you are trying to implement. And if get an error when trying to run your website, looking at what lines the error is at in the terminal helps isolate what is wrong.

<b>Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?</b>

Starting early definitely helped in doing this assignment. 

<b>Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?</b>

Looking at the assignment 3 code examples in the modules did not help that much. I couldn't understand the loadJSON code even after reading the documentation.

<b>What did you learn from doing this assignment?</b>

I learned how to implement cookies into a website and how it can be used to keep a user logged in.

<b>If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?</b>

If I could go back in time and do things differently I would ask in class lecture and the workshop to explain more about sessions because I am still not exactly sure how to code it correctly.

<b>Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging</b>

I think I spent 20% of my time thinking about how to do something, 10% writing the code, and 70% testing and debugging. Just like assignment 2, testing and debugging took the longest time. 

<b>Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. “I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization”)</b>

I worked on this assignment by myself
